The EDA File contains variables and feature about usag of the two companies acorss the main USA cities. I have investigated the following questions:

1. Compare across cities the usage of the two cabs 
2. Compare the averages, minimum and maximums or range across the cities of price charged 
3. Correlation coefficients between variables - find correlation coefficients but first identify what trends
		you would like to test? 
4. Which city has the least kilometers travelled, which city the most across two companies
5. How are Price and Cost of trip related and what does this tell us?
6.Is there any correlation between card payment and cash payment? Which method of payment is preferred?
7. Are there any preferences of the yellow over pink?
8. How are Pink and Yellow distributed over cities? How is this distribution reflected in terms of payment? 
9. Which kilometer average is greater? In which cities? Order by cities using appropriate diagram.
10. Is there a difference in price charged between pink and yellow? Are there any cases where pink is better?
11. If we disregard New York, Chicago and LA - are there significant differences? Analyze These Three Cities Separately
12. Perform the analysis separately on those three cities and the rest and explain why is it meaningful to do so.
13. Cab Taxi usage with regard to date - can we give some insights there? How can we extract that information?

There are some interesting findings suported by the data which are rather counterintuitive. For example, it doesn't necessarily mean that the higher 
rides rate produces more revenues. The revenue itself is dependent on the cities. 
Furthermore, there might be more rides in one company, but this again doesn't mean that the kilometers driven reflect the true revenues achieved.
Also, another insight I have made is comparing the average differences across the cities and this also has some surprsingly unexpected results - the differences on average,
except in few major cities like New York or Boston MA are not that significant as one would expect. 

Main Analysis I have done using SQL queries and, mostly, Google Sheets. 
